BD-4836: Accessibitility Testing in Inbox Vision GA (#9872)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/inbox_vision.md

6. Make changes to a template, if necessary.
7. Select **Re-run Test** to see the updated previews.

{% alert note %}

> Inbox Vision isn't supported if your email message includes [abort logic]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/liquid/aborting_messages).

Reviewer: Should we consider adding a "why" here, similar to the callout you have above on the missing fallbacks?

All of our tests are run through actual email clients. Braze works hard to check that all renderings are as accurate as possible. If you consistently see an issue with an email client, open a [support ticket]({{site.baseurl}}/braze_support/).

## Accessibility testing

> Accessibility Testing highlights accessibility issues that may exist with your email to provide insight into which elements are not meeting accessibility standards. It analyzes your email content against some [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/) (WCAG) 2.2 AA requirements below. WCAG are internationally recognized technical standards developed by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) to make web content more accessible to people with disabilities. The tool automatically checks for common accessibility issues, such as missing alt text, insufficient color contrast, and improper heading structure, then categorizes the severity of each issue to help you prioritize fixes.

Author: @bre-fitzgerald Accessibility Testing vs. Accessibility testing? 🤔

{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2 role="presentation" }

#### Severity levels

Inbox Vision classifies accessibility issues by severity to help you prioritize remediation efforts.

| Status | Definition |
| --- | --- |
| Critical | Issues that can block access to content or functionality for users with disabilities. These are the most severe and should be prioritized for fixing. |
| Serious | Issues that can cause significant barriers but may not completely block access. These should be addressed promptly. |
| Moderate | Issues that may cause some difficulty for users with disabilities, but are less likely to block access entirely. |
| Minor | Issues that have a relatively low impact on accessibility and may cause only minor inconvenience. |
| Needs review | Unable to detect if there might be an issue or not. This can occur when we are unable to determine the contrast ratio as the text is placed on a background image. This will need to be manually reviewed because it cannot be automatically determined. |
| Passed | Passed WCAG A, AA, or accessibility best practice. |
{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2 role="presentation" }

> ### Next steps for flagged issues

Author: @bre-fitzgerald I wasn't entirely sure how to shape this section based on your feedback in the Google Doc. Some brain dump:

- A table with 2 columns ("Status" and "Next steps")? But would that be an overload of tables with the previous 2 sections? Or maybe add a 3rd column to the Severity levels table ("Next steps")???
- Do we want to keep this as generalized as possible? 🤔  We link out to the main Accessibility article below in the best practices, but should I move that here instead?

Open to thoughts and feedback!

All of our tests are run through actual email clients. Braze works hard to check that all renderings are as accurate as possible. If you consistently see an issue with an email client, open a [support ticket]({{site.baseurl}}/braze_support/).

## Accessibility testing

> Accessibility testing in Inbox Vision highlights accessibility issues that may exist with your email to provide insight into which elements are not meeting accessibility standards. It analyzes your email content against some [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/) (WCAG) 2.2 AA requirements below. WCAG are internationally recognized technical standards developed by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) to make web content more accessible to people with disabilities. The tool automatically checks for common accessibility issues, such as missing alt text, insufficient color contrast, and improper heading structure, then categorizes the severity of each issue to help you prioritize fixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accessibility testing in Inbox Vision highlights accessibility issues that may exist with your email to provide insight into which elements are not meeting accessibility standards. It analyzes your email content against some [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/) (WCAG) 2.2 AA requirements. WCAG is a set of internationally recognized technical standards developed by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) to make web content more accessible to people with disabilities. The tool automatically checks for common accessibility issues, such as missing alt text, insufficient color contrast, and improper heading structure, then categorizes the severity of each issue to help you prioritize fixes.
```

Reviewer: Weirdly enough, it's "WCAG is" not "WCAG are"

> {% alert important %}

Reviewer: Is this language provided by legal? This seems phrased differently than our other legal callouts. I'm mainly worried about the usage of "Customer" as a proper noun like this, it reads oddly. 

For example, [this one](https://www.braze.com/docs/help/accessibility#:~:text=all%20your%20customers.-,Important,-%3A%0AThis%20content) was reviewed and approved by Ana, and our [data disclaimer](https://www.braze.com/docs/user_guide/brazeai/generative_ai/copywriting/#ai-policy) is also more plain language.

Author: Let me double check with Jennifer!

Accessibility Testing may be used to support Customer's compliance efforts of regulations or laws such as the [European Accessibility Act](https://www.braze.com/resources/articles/european-accessibility-at-what-it-means-for-marketers), however Customer acknowledges that Braze makes no representations or warranties with respect to whether or not use of Accessibility Testing satisfies Customer's compliance obligations, and disclaims all liability in relation thereto.
{% endalert %}

### Viewing accessibility testing results

Accessibility testing will generate results for each rule as passed, failed, or needs review in the **Accessibility Testing** tab. Each rule is categorized using POUR (Perceivable, Operable, Understandable, Robust), which are the four main principles behind WCAG.

{% alert note %}

> Accessibility testing is part of the Inbox Vision preview experience, meaning it runs on the rendered message. Inbox Vision itself simulates the in-inbox rendering environment.

Reviewer: I think we can cut this callout! We cover this now slightly more thoroughly in the "understanding" section:
> Inbox Vision renders your message in a simulated inbox environment, but it can’t mimic every assistive technology, screen reader, or user need. That’s why accessibility isn’t a one-time checkbox—it’s a continuous practice.
